0	Ok
1	It's amazing
1	Great app
1	Huge edit to my review. You guys just removed the live stream feature??
0	Find other apps badoo it's about making money the so called free user has little to do in this app very limited close to none you need to pay for messaging others.Jaumo app it's killing badoo already you can text free there if I could give badoo less then 1 I will do it again as year after year is more distinguished and alighted with love to money. Avoid At all Cost you want get anywhere. Stop with this automatic responds pathetic same as your service!!
1	Many time free Credit Freeze😥
0	Why are the chats limited? 🙁
1	Even if you set all your settings in this app to never send you a single notification it will still send you several everyday single day just to literally beg you to use the app again.
1	To many computers texting back
0	I don't have anymore the livestreem button and i can't fix it. That sucks
0	Very worst app
1	No one replies
1	Love it
1	Am facing a problem with the app. All of a sudden the live streaming option has been removed. Any specific reason?
0	Don't download
0	Ok
1	Nobody talks. Everyone around. E seems stuck up their own arse. You can't do anything these days if you want to remain a free user. Used to be the best app for meeting people like me. Shame
1	I get lots of msgs from diff woman. But most of them are to shy
1	Interesting
1	Good
0	Boring
1	Nice
0	Not bad.. Its good
1	They get your money and then block you without any recourse. Needless to say your money is never given back. I suggest that you stay away from fraudulent services like badoo that pass themselves off as ligit social networks. Consider yourself warned.
1	It's a good app. But I'm just confused. Did they remove the live stream feature? Because I don't see it anymore. Thanks
1	You have a choice. Pay to talk to the gorgeous girls or get the ugly ones for free! Go to plenty of fish. You can talk to anyone u like. FOR FREE!
0	Yesterday take my money without my consent and today also you take my money again what the hell very bad apps and cheated return my money back
1	So amazing
0	Why i not get live video
0	Awful waste of time. Used to be far better than this. Now messaging anyone is near impossible
1	You robbed me, paid money for my subscription and never got it I was talking to a good few people on it the you change my hole profile now I can't see no message
0	Bad app
1	All in all this a great app, where the highlight was live streaming. Now that you have removed the live streaming many people will leave your app and go to others. I cannot understand why would you do such a thing!!! Ideally this should be a huge source of income for you especially now during these situations where everyone is bored at home. I urge you to reconsider your decision and return the live streaming option, because if you don't you will lose the majority of your subscribers.
1	Is legit and easy to get what u want in a relationship.the only problem is buying coins.it should b made flexible i.e usage of airtime should b consider in buying coins.
1	اح اوف
0	This a fake and scam site.what happened to all the credit i bought.
0	Why am I always finding it so difficult buying badoo credits with my mobile phone number which is registered on badoo? I give 3 stars because most of the features are great but pls try to fix the issue of still bumping into blocked users. Pls do something ASAP about buying credit easily with my phone. Thanks
1	Good
1	Good
1	Good
1	Great
1	Good app.. There are still a lot of catfish account work on that.
1	Spectacular, amazing because I can easily connect with people all over the world
0	It's cool
1	Why has livestreaming been removed?
1	I couldn't talk to other people because my picture was not the same as others . Of course is not the sam cuz i used a different filter. JUST DON'T USE THIS APP EVER.
1	why are you remove live features now the application not good bcz alway use badoo live sk please add that feature with new update ....thanknyou
1	Im new,so i will try this apps,thanks
0	Very funny
1	why live session is not view in app please solve this issue
1	Love
1	You can not use the application because of the large number of ads, this is exaggerated
1	Nice
1	Great app
1	Very good
1	I like the app
0	Giving this one star because of the recent inclusion of ads, even if you don't swipe. Disgusting business practice. Proof that the creators only care about your money. Try elsewhere.
1	Very nice
1	For myself I'm a very respectful person as well as I like to be respected by others. I would highly recommend this as a 5 star but the only issue they have is they tend to block you for no reason. I feel there at discretion to see your conversations but they determined to say that you Have done something inappropriate like has happened to myself. I'm sure many women on here get all the pictures sexual and I find that highly inappropriate. I report it and I get blocked??? I find it out wrong!
0	It's ok
1	Great
1	Great app
1	Hi....badoo its ok...in life we must b careful as we all are adults.....nice badoo...do good b good..love you Badoo
1	Good nice app
1	Fast
1	Need live feature back otherwise removed
1	very good
1	What happen with the live streaming fitur, lol
1	Good
1	Very good
1	I love badoo its really good
1	Excellent !!!!
0	Big mistake that u delete live feature option.. im gonna uninstall this app
1	This is a great app, but why are the live features missing? How to get it back. I need help.Thank you
1	Great
1	Please return badoo live streaming .. We already love badoo with live streaming .. We are happy we are free to express ourselves on badoo ... Please return badoo live streaming !!! Don't disappoint us !!!
1	awesome
1	No experience
1	Great experienced here...thanks Badoo...more powers...God bless us...
1	I loved this app I found my now wife to be on here. After quite a few unseccessful attempts on other places. Premium is well worth it. Can't thank the developer's enough. We're in a happy and healthy relationship. Soon getting married.
0	Would be a zero if the option was there. They take a full months payment for Badoo premium, then stop the live streaming when you have alot of cashable credits. Then proceed to try and block your account with the excuse someone has complained with no evidence at all. This app is an absolute sham with financial fraud. I for one will take the to court for an entire refund under the consumer credit act and breach of Terms and conditions DO NOT USE THIS APP
1	Can you recommend something for me?
1	Good app but my live stream gone so what's the point of Being on the app live kept me safe from the catfish
1	Does anyone on here live near by so far hell na they dont
0	Not bad
0	Please give it back live stream fiture, without live stream this app useless
0	Need to fix this app cannot get back on livestreams
0	pésima actualización, eliminaron la fundación de streaming
1	Nice
1	iam want oppa
1	I like this app so much but i don't know why they block me
0	I've been using this app a long time I always thought it was great till I got an Email telling me my account has been blocked without any explanation Waste of time THANKS FOR NOTHING
1	This app has taken 2 pound from by bank everyday for the last 2 months and someday 3 to 4 2 pound payments and I don't even use the app or currently have an account registered with them. Abdosultley disgusting
1	Nice way to meet ppl, some ppl nice some mean, just be careful, and use your better judgement when meeting somebody for first time.Have fun and be safe.
1	Nice
1	Goog app...i love it. 😍😍😍
1	Very good
1	Good
1	Pretty good
1	Why was live streaming removed.....?
1	I think I just met the love of my life on here. I literally had this app for less than two hours and I already met the man of my dreams. we're already in love :) I never thought I'd find the one for me on some dating app
0	Suddenly the badoo live icon disappeared why ?
1	Very interesting and matured
0	After problem with Coronavirus, Badoo began to limit the functions. Actually, you must pay for almost everything, a big opportunism, since they understood that people are bored stuck inside home, the fact is, save your money, because nobody is going to meet you while almost all countries are in quarentine. You will pay for virtual communication, funny.
1	My phone number was blocked without reason. They removed the Live Streaming which was an amazing way to get to know people around the world since my area was pretty dull. Only good thing is they finally got rid of catfish..that's it.
1	Sexy
1	a love it very helpful
1	So wow
0	Scam application. They ask money and give in exchange fake profiles. Without money you can't do anything. I know them for many years. They scam people cent by cent selling nothing.
1	Buena
1	This is a great app to meet people. Have made life long friends through here.
1	Very professional
1	Please bring back the live streaming because from every induction every one want the live streaming back
1	I like this app
1	Add look alike feature.
1	Best Dating app. And LGBTQ friendly
1	Never met anyone yet but not a dull moment chatting with people all over the world
0	Needs work
1	I have managed to get lots of friends who have turned out to be family members
0	Just as bogus as the rest
1	Khub bid
1	Because that helps you find your true love
1	I have the last version but I think it's not working in Dubai it was working with me perfect in egypt but since i came to dubai it's not working ... is there any options to open the app here in dubai
1	Nice
0	This ap is useless I don't like it
1	No live streaming, not good,deleting my account fast
1	Best one..!
1	Durduk yere hesap bloklaniyo surekli uzak dogulu kizlardan biktim lokasyonlarini turkiye yapiyolar iligimi kuruttular
1	Good apps
1	Good app for making new friends
0	Keeps on saying my account was block and cant even get likes or receive message
1	Perfect
0	Ok
0	I would rate the app, and do agree with some of the users on here that all and all its not a bad app, indeed I find it quite good. However, I'm extremely disappointed to hear that Badoo is getting rid of the live streams, as I actually think this is a big draw to the app for most users, myself included. It seems the live streams have already disappeared on my account even though I updated my account a few minutes before this review to see if the fault was on my end (perhaps nit being updated).
0	This app is terrible! Just as many scam and fake profiles as the free as free sites. They used to have great security on uploading photos but now half of the photos have emails and phone numbers written in the profile pictures wanting you to text and email them so they can steal your personal information. They also bother you with fake notifications
1	Не помогает найти пару.Это просто соц сеть для девушек которые хотят постримить "Себя" бибизянам-парням. (Я как это увидел,просто упал).Я не мог в это поверить.
0	I am having a hard time signing in to the app
0	This app is fantastic, it protects us users, from fake profiles, plus the women is always trying to talk to me. I think i might find that special, lady on here.
0	Very bad
0	I struggle to download. There's something wrong with it.
1	Everything is perfect
1	No live streams anymore
0	Definitely a terrible app especially other dating apps
1	Good but its not a free chat
0	If i change subscribe to unsubscribe then does it canncel my weekly Payment...i dnt want to carry this payment anymore...
1	Good
0	Awful
1	Very good
1	My experience in this site is great and loving to make new friends I just hope that I find true love
1	They seems to be free, they ask for all your information, then when you got engaged, the ask for money
1	Good
1	Great app... Nice working features.
1	I'm giving this app one star because the developers considered money the most, if someone likes u, u can't view him or her before paying. It's like doubles taxes. Change that feature, I will love it later.
1	awsome app
0	Apps is very good but live stream is main content of your apps and u removed. Thts very bad thing. Live stream is so funny and it help to enjoy. Pls you should add live stream system again in ur apps.
1	Got to meet the love of my life
0	Ok
1	Good
1	Excellent
1	Great
1	Badoo is a good site to meet people, and the people in Badoo are real not fraudulent ones. Although you will still send request and message to some people without them replying you, which is normal when dealing with human because not everyone will like to talk with especially some immature one that causes nuisance. All the same I will encourage anyone looking for partners to try Badoo.
1	Great
0	My account got blocked after telling a guy i didn't want to sleep with him for 8k-15k a month🙄🙄🙄 contacted badoo about it and they aren't changing their decision.
1	Neat and interesting
1	Nice app
1	Works just fine
1	It's an easy to use app with no hidden costs
1	Fabulous
1	very good love it
0	Ads ads and more ads... A new ad every 5 seconds now.....
1	I don't know why the developers removed livestream. Well am unistalling the app.
1	Good to find friends
1	Excelent app
1	Nice app, serves its purpose
0	Don't bother it's a waist of time, just fake accounts
1	Live streaming removed. Going to uninstall this app. That was not a good idea from the developers. Atleast at this lockdown time it used to amuse people around the world.
1	Nice app
1	Худшее приложение. Отвязал свою карту, но премиум с нее все равно продлили. Ужас
1	Its good like hownitnchange locations
1	Good app ,I enjoyed it 😉
1	After last update , the app keeps facing problems "you are using badoo in offline mode, check your data connection, and make sure you are connected to the internet" Knowing that I am connectd please fix that issue .
1	love this app but have to give one star since lifestream was removed
0	Cool but its can be better
1	App was good until you removed the livestream option today,should of kept it during the current pandemic around the world
0	Cool
1	Great app, been using this for over 7yrs now and it never fail to amuse me, i just hope no kids could enter this site.
1	Where is the live feature? I loved this app but without it. It's a whole different thing. Good riddance I guess.
0	Overnight saw that the Badoo Live was gone from the app. I reread the mail that was send to me by Badoo. That Badoo Live was to be removed at the end of April, not in the beginning. Confusing.
1	Dear Badoo, do you block just people because somebody reported him/her? How about you listen to the other side of the story I'm trying to get my account back but I keep getting bounced because somebody allegedly reported that I'm abusing him And I know deep in my heart Ive not done anything like that I need answers please
0	Tiraram a Live, remover funções é sempre retrocesso!!
1	Awesome app
0	I'm trying to register. I sent them an email because I'm having trouble registering. Yet, I get an email saying that they can't find the email I registered with and can't help me until I send that. Well that's less than helpful. Not sure what to do but uninstall. Maybe I'll try again later.
1	Unless you pay money you're not gonna get far, they also removed Livestream so this app is pointless
0	I've come to delete this app since no more live... Why would u remove such a Awsome part of the app, now I need to search for another app like that... Shame on you guys. I was just using it yesterday!?!
1	I just love this app
0	Horrible, over 100 likes you can not see without a subscription this use to be free. Lots of dead accounts. Not paying for it and will be looking for something else. You should ve ashamed to change it to charge a fee when so many are not working due to COVID19
1	Nice app buh you will pay before you will chat the ladies
1	Most women on here apparently think what they have between their legs is worth 14K. Most dating apps are trash this one this one as well. Way to many women with the mind site of a high school girls, just because u have kid doesn't make you a parent or adult that's a responsibility anyone can take on the responsibility of yourself and that child just cuz you plop one out doesn't make you a parent.
0	Took away the livestreams when people cant go outside due to COVID-19. Not a smart move.
1	I am a beautiful person
