pos	✌❤
neg	Not able to sign in/out of app securely! Videos with mini series (seasonal episodes) issues with play backs, skips ahead of where you left off!
neg	This app watching more movie
pos	Good
neg	Always have to restart app if I accidentally minimize it because it doesn't rediscover either Wi-Fi or data. Search engine still clunky but definitely improved in the last 6 months.
pos	Best applicant right
pos	Just one thing.... need to upgrade movies more often.
pos	Best
pos	It is a very good app 💯👌
pos	Good. Lot of movies and shows. Very helpful in lockdown :)
neg	Absolute torture. Takes forever to sign in and doesn't accept my answers for its supposed "challenge" even when I've typed in everything correctly.
pos	brilliant 😊😊
neg	Bad
pos	Good
pos	They tell 30 days free trail but nothing 🙄🙄
pos	Everything is very good.... but One problem is that South's film does not have Hindi audio. So please make it available in Hindi also...
neg	Any series will start from beginning if I hit play from main page. It should automatically start from where I left
pos	Content in limited and not all movies or tv series are available like on Netflix but overall affordable and a good app.
neg	30 days free trial par bhi credit card no.mang rahe ho taki baad me paise cut kar sako
pos	Excellent range of very good movies and T.V. shows.
pos	User friendly... Really enjoy it..
pos	Good
pos	Wow excellent
pos	Searching option needs to be more precise and please add more options in filter
pos	Nice app...
neg	Quiet a lot new movies of Bollywood and Hollywood is available in prime. But if u guys can provide Games of thrones I would really appreciate that
pos	Good,but can be better
pos	Good
neg	I can get better movies with netflix.
pos	Excellent
pos	Excellent vedio streaming with some nice original movies. The vedio and sound quality is exceptional. Endless stuff to watch for in different languages and translations. Also it's value for money.
pos	Good one
pos	better experience.
neg	Can no longer screen mirror video from my m5 tablet or my mate 20pro to my TV since update. App keeps crashing and I need to restart my m5 tablet.
neg	Ok
pos	Excellent
pos	📞. n..
pos	Good app
pos	Amazing
pos	Naveen
pos	Best app. Prime video
neg	Why movies dont get download.
neg	Bad
pos	Include old movies ttoo
pos	Nothing new to say about, it's SIMPLY AMAZON! Its best asset is the originals, awesome...... But, there should be a review platform for the originals of Amazon's own.
pos	Good
pos	Not great filtering for Prime members
neg	Useless. Will not allow me to sign in at all
pos	Great
pos	Love the freedom of having it wherever I go.
pos	Wastage of time as no good series available as compared to Netflix .
pos	ni ceeeee app
pos	It's a cheap and best app for the web series unlike Netflix which is very costly to subscribe. It's my favorite app " The Amazon Prime Vedio"
neg	1080p Hd quality are not support on mobile phone.
neg	If serching for any movie or other but it showing every time another results This is soo irritating every user
pos	I hate that app Because your contribution is still zero against corona in india You're earning from India but you you don't care about india
pos	Amazing
pos	Good to watch in application 👍, but search results are not so good. Even after downloading a movie to watch, I am getting some unknown error. Rest all fine.
pos	Excellent.
neg	Very bad experience i am taken membership on 1 april 2020 when i play movie, movie quality is very bad, & reopen again & again i ll discontinue the member ship after one month.😠😠😠😠😡😡😡
pos	Great selection
neg	Money sweeter than honey
pos	It amazing.....#no words...
pos	Rate of uploading more shows and movies is very very slow... it is like u have to wait for almost a month to see some new addition. I hope something can be worked out
neg	Not bad
pos	Just wish if you add more new movies and series
pos	Doesn't work on latest Chrome browser/Linux
pos	I love Amazon Prime video so much I wish I can buy it and own my own company then I will give it to people who can afford it who on a fixed income
pos	Excellent 👍
neg	video not show , only sound and sub titles show plz help Asap
neg	Not bad
pos	Good
pos	Good
neg	Worst app i ever seen this app many issues and many problems in login in this app
neg	Sign up avatala
pos	Good quality of pictures at a reasonable cost
pos	Compared to other streaming services this is honestly a pretty bad streaming platform. The app drains battery significantly faster than apps of a similar nature, the interface has some lag and unresponsiveness issues, I can't watch anything while my VPN is active which leaves my phone vulnerable, and a bunch of other issues (though mostly minor in comparison to these).
pos	Great app
pos	Awesome...
neg	Some movies are missing not available
neg	Very App for watching movies
neg	RUBBISH SIGN IN ROUTINE AFTER SIGNING IN THEY REQUEST YOU TO SIGN IN AGAIN USING HORRIBLE LETTERS AND NUMBERS THAT YOU CANT RECOGNISE
pos	Excelente
pos	Good but many new south Indian movies are not Hindi dubbed...
pos	Amazing 👌
pos	it helped me to enjoy the movies during 21 days of lockdown due to corona virus...Amazing app
pos	😂
neg	West up time
pos	VERY Nice App.
pos	Idrli🙄
pos	Very nice app we see all videos easily thanks for making these app
pos	Prime has fresh and interesting content and is very easy to use on my phone!
pos	Great app wth loads of variety... Keep it cmg👌👍👍
pos	Awesome
neg	Worse app
pos	One word "Best"
pos	I'm simply enjoying it.
pos	I loved this app.... They had all what I wanted 😇😇😇👍👍👍
pos	Tremendous
neg	Id nhi ban rhi hai
pos	Very nice
pos	Awesome awesome awesome
pos	Best
neg	The download is not working properly. Once you download the dual audio movie, it works only in English. Kindly do the needful.
neg	Why did you removed the Dark knight rises movie?
pos	Excellent
neg	Search any movies they will give you same result in search if you r search for badla or right ya wrong etc they will only show some definite movies always.no useful app i have taken prime membership for one year but no use i think instead of this i have to buy netflix it was good...
neg	Greater
pos	Good
pos	Good
pos	I like your app
pos	Good
pos	Very good
neg	Cuts out continuously on Chromecast and has ads...
neg	Always entertaining us.
pos	Nice
neg	Add GAME OF THRONES 📺 SHOWS
pos	Superb ! Has an all round coverage...movies, series, documentaries...list goes on
pos	Awesome
pos	It's amazing always come with good content
pos	One of best apps for movies shows and all
neg	Worst experience.. every time i open the app it says service unreachable.. wastage of money
neg	New movie bhot kam h
pos	It is awesome.I haven't experience any other app as good as it
pos	Osm
pos	😍
pos	This app is very good so new movies is there
pos	Super
pos	Use it as my primary source for videos ..
pos	Great
pos	You need to increade no. of movies available
pos	good
pos	Great app, haven't had any problems .
pos	V. Good
pos	Great selection and easy to navigate app
pos	Easy to use. Great selection.
pos	Excellent
neg	Amazon means Amazing ... lot of Indian historical movies . It knows Indian marketing .but not providing English web serious . I can't search my best movies .only I am seen movies amazon prime provided ...new realised movie very late coming. I seen recently realised in this year movies .
pos	Works for me. I've been using Prime for a few years. For the first couple, on a series of tablets. For the last year plus, on my Fire TV. It makes purchasing new streaming apps easy. All in all, good experiences all around.
pos	Till now very happy with the service
pos	Well
pos	Best and amazing experience ❣️
pos	േേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേţേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേേെേൃവ..
pos	Good
pos	Nice app
pos	Good
pos	There we can see all other languages.. Except Kannada.. There many people like me who will be searching for Kannada movies.. Please add Kannada movies too.. My humble request!
pos	Nice
pos	Good
pos	Deepak machi
pos	Don't have good , marvel and latest Hollywood movies
pos	Very bed app
pos	Nice app
pos	Thanks Amazon
pos	Nice creation
pos	I'm loving it, keep it up!!!
pos	Super
pos	Awesome App
neg	Not able to stream videos. Everytime i go to watch any videos it shows a message, internet connection not there. Please try to resolve this issue asap.
pos	No thanks I'll Torrent my stuff
pos	Amezing
neg	Plenty to choose from.
neg	This app is really gud to entairtain u r self in quarantine times ❤️
pos	Should be upload interesting web series. Also the latest Hollywood and Bollywood movies time to time.
pos	S.p
pos	Good
neg	Add some more hindi movies.
pos	2020 movies like Tanhaji and Good News have come on prime video but still some very old movies haven't come . Pls add movies like Johnny English strikes again, jumanji welcome to the jungle, home alone series, etc .that is Hollywood comedy movies.
pos	Really Superb
pos	A range of films and tv shows to match most tastes.
pos	Super
pos	Very good keep it up
pos	Good
neg	playing and watching movies.
neg	Leprechaun in da hood
neg	Not every movie is there.
pos	Best for video experience
pos	Good muvie
pos	The content of netflix is more better than this app But everything is good
pos	very good I am able to watch every TV series easily
neg	Terrible user interface. Streaming player is not as good as others.
pos	Great!
pos	Not good there are lot of mistake 1 it does not verify 2 when I am gave my mobile no. It does not gave me otp when gave a puzzle what is this
pos	Good experience ......
pos	Nice
neg	Slow load
pos	One of best app and good collection
neg	App crashes suddenly sometimes while watching video on my huawei nova 3i. Update: working fine now
neg	Shitiest UI, they show movies by language but when start playing it, it will be different language.
neg	Not opening
pos	Awesome
pos	I like this app
pos	no good app but the conservetion of app Is litely bad
neg	How to find English or other language movie in Hindi
pos	Wow
pos	Excellent range and quality of movies and shows. At this time of the national lockdown this channel has been a Godsend.
pos	సూపర్
neg	Waste for Tamil movie watchers. No frequent movie updates. The movie search is terrible.
pos	Good
pos	Verithanam
