neg	Well im just starting to see what amazon is like im only giving 3 stars right now cause i dont know much about them yet so i think that is fair 50/50 so it will probly go up stars if its like the distributor wish .... Will update near future ...
pos	amazon is the best.period !!
neg	It keeps popping up for no reason
neg	I wouldn't think it was possible for an app to get worse with each update, but here we are.
pos	I pay for prime mainly for the fast shipping. Now deliveries take at least 3 weeks. Not worth the $15/month. Will be cancelling my membership
neg	Die they broke my phone
pos	Giving two stars because they changed the app homepage to having nothing but their movies and ads. I did not get the Amazon SHOPPING app to look at their prime videos. Kind of takes away the shopping part of the Amazon shopping app. Plus their recommendation section is nothing but stuff I've already bought or already looked at.
pos	Good
neg	Never sell on Amazon . They are king of scammer . They hold seller money and never pays them 😡😠
neg	Really disappointing performance.
pos	Love this App. So easy to use.
pos	Easy to navigate and just as easy to GO BROKE!!! LOL No really. I have been quite pleased with the services provided by Amazon and it's seller's. I have had some unfortunate problems with two packages that I never received, but Amazon made GOOD on both.
neg	Terrible...... now all I see is adverts for amazon prime! Always used to use amazon I hardly go on there now I use ebay more
pos	Excellent
pos	Good app and prime is worth it if you have 2+ orders weekly
neg	Please could we choose to send questions and receive answers only from sellers. Great app which is always improving. Love that when there are several options in a product, the segregated ratings are shown under each option. I would like to see a search filter which allows for disregarding unverified reviews, so that products could sorted by their average reviews from verified purchases only to filter out fake reviews. Also please add a custom price filter eg max £6
pos	Until now I have purchased few items from Germany and have been very impressed how fast arrives in Finland and all most free shipping. Thank you for being in the market I find it very helpful to suit my needs.
pos	When I found out they were charging for mailing Annette at this desperate time will people don't have a lot of money I don't like it now
neg	Nothing but dogs, not fit for purpose anymore. All I see is dogs saying it's not working
pos	Not good as previous design, full of advertisements.
pos	Good
pos	Too many counterfeit selling on Amazon. They basically do NOTHING about it. I've stopped purchasing any beauty, household items, or pretty much anything that can be faked on Amazon & I suggest you do the same until they change their policies. Other than that you can find just about anything on Amazon. (Not so much since Covid19) Also, they have billed me for Prime several times per month. They charge my card $14.11 sometimes 3 x per month & state billing errors. Be careful & watch bill
pos	Love this..wish it would load faster and filter and sort selections more precisely
neg	When you have the app on your phone you cannot log into your account on your computer browser without 2-Step Authentication pain in the ass so I won't have the app on my phone.
pos	Don't know why there are so many negative reviews lately. I have been using this app since it first came out. Never once... not a single time have I ever had a problem.
pos	Awesome app
pos	Love it.super easy to navigate.cheap prices,great deals,any and everything your looking for,you can find on amazon
pos	This is a very good app. Sometimes it goes down but quicy comes back up. Amazing app this is. Here are some app updates that I would like to see 1. The text to be easier to read. 2. Enable dark mode 3. Optimise app so it loads quicker. 4. Change of banner colour. 5. Navigation panel to have a change of colour. I would like to see these updates by 1st May please.
pos	I have no problems I love it Ooh wee
neg	The app is slow sluggish and ugly using so many old API. Can. You find a worse app on Android from another big company? No
pos	Runs a little slower than I would like, and is a little buggy at times, but overall I solid app for Amazon. You can more or less do everything in the app that you can do in the desktop, which I like.
pos	UAE store almost empty comparing to us store
neg	Are you f-ng kidding? STOP BEING CHEAP AND SHIP ALL ITEMS INSIDE A SEPARATE PACKAGING. Because of your cheapness and employee's low IQ, I received items that may be contaminated. The original packaging has open top!! So MAKE THE SHIP IM AMAZON PACKAGING THE AUTOMATIC BASE OPTION. then ask if we don't want a separate one. Why is the opposite done? Also this app sucks, it ALWAYS gives IRRELEVANT RESULTS TO KEYWORDS SEARCHED. AMAZON, YOU TAKE ADVANTAGE OF CUSTOMERS DURING THIS TIME AND UR APP SUCKS
pos	Very handy and easy to navigate
pos	ME>
neg	Everytime i win a board by paying for the extra money this damn game cuts out as soon as i win. Shuts right off. Not once or twice but everytime. No other game i play has this problem. I will not be playing this game any longer. It makes me sad but ive lost enough.
pos	👌👍
pos	Good prices and varieations.
pos	Next day delivery usually!
pos	Let me delete this for the love of my many various gods
pos	Laggy but works
pos	Update eliminated useful options! "Today's Deals" no longer easy to find in drop down menu. Now you have to dig deeper in Not-so obvious places. No longer able to view buying options from other New & Used sellers. It's like they DON'T want me to buy stuff.
pos	Simple practical and convenient
neg	The worst app ever, Have the product name but not the picture. And I can not even make an acount, I got the verification code, but keep saying unvalid.😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
pos	Ez to use
pos	Brilliant
pos	Fun, very exciting if you win! Hope I do!!!
pos	Good
pos	Have not used
pos	Love this app very dependable and so many options .
pos	im from Pakistan. this service is not available here. i want u guys to work for us also.
neg	Won't give you option to upload pictures when posting review. I had ordered several items and I was going to upload pictures to go with the review and I notice the 'upload image' option is now GONE!!! what happened? I recently posted a review with a picture 5 weeks ago. Now all of a sudden the option is Gone??! PLEASE FIX THIS!!!
neg	Not sure what happened to the app. But hard to navigate now. The main page is mostly ads for their shows and movies. I want to online shop for random stuff! Show me random stuff!!!
neg	Was 5 star, but now that I can't view other sellers on most items and only giving me one buying option along with forcing Kindle down my throat when I want physical media. The sponsored ads that have nothing to do with what I'm looking at doesn't help either.
pos	Very good
neg	Absolutely horrible experiences !!!!!!!!!!!!!
pos	Nice apps
neg	Becomes unresponsive very frequently despite good internet connection on decent phone. Overall rather slow app and there is no improvement in several last versions. How can amazon operate such terrible app as their own and the only official app for so long?
pos	Awesome
neg	I did not get the item I ordered. Not even a refund then I could not send an email to Amazon it keep saying error which is wasting my time.
neg	Amazon keeps worrying about Covid-19 and prioritizing bogus things when I am paying a prime membership. I expect them to do their job like Walmart and Ebay. Prioritizing their sellers and customers is what Amazon needs to do instead not shipping my items because they are trying to do something they are not intend for. 1 week shipping with prime truly a scam and ridiculous joke when I'm paying prime. I will cancel my prime membership.
neg	pop pppp
neg	Amazon, your app is trash. It constantly freezes and is just super slow and frustrating to use. All that money and you can't afford to give your customers a decent shopping experience.
pos	Awesome
pos	Good
neg	Takes forever to load. I have high speed internet. Slowest app on my Note 10+
pos	The app works I suppose... the changes they make to it makes shopping tedious. The home page has nothing relevant to the user. They just keep making it worse.. so the app works it's just not enjoyable to use.
pos	Refuse it use it until they put the link to the most popular items in the category for each product into the app and mobile website. The link is there under the product if you visit on a computer but for some reason it's missing on the mobile site and the app. Comparison shopping is one of the primary reasons I use Amazon, I see no reason why they continually neglect to I include this feature on the app.
pos	Don't like the new layout it's all about amazon based products all the useful stuff is hidden
neg	Your app doesnt accept any payment. i used 3 different bank cards.
neg	Hi 9 HGTVbl high yly l ft. Fv
pos	Most recent version seems to stall. I see the menus and title bar with my name and cart count but the main part of the app doesn't load—homepage, orders, lists, cart, they all have blank main areas. I've force quit, I've cleared the cache and I've rebooted
pos	Amazon got everything you need ❤❤❤❤❤
pos	Great app
neg	Hate the update.
pos	Almost became a hobby
pos	For ages this app got slower and slower. Now it zips. Until it slogs again, four stars all the way. This is from an Android 10, OxygenOS 10.3.1, T=-Mobile OnePlus 6T.
neg	Es una aplicacion miy usable tiene de todo y las cosas llegan muy rapido
neg	Your company sucks. I placed an order and you didn't charge me for it until a week later. I needed it charged then so I knew to use cash instead of card... Now Im stuck here and cant make cash deposit and got laid off so no direct deposit. I have been enjoying ebay. Bye Amazon. Bye for good.
neg	What happened? This app was running fine, but now it won't load items when you search, also when you go to cart and click on "view the price changes", it no longer loads. The search results also went haywire because you're barely seeing related items or keywords from your search. You guys are supposed to get better, not worse.
pos	I rlly love this app. I shop Amazon all the time
pos	Can't remove individual items from a Whole Foods grocery list. Frustrating how items in cart for Whole Foods just disappear if they are no longer available. With low availability of deliveries, I have to leave and recheck the app. Hard to figure out what was removed from the cart... For Prime Pantry, I am unable to create a shopping list.
pos	Excellent AMAZON Services App
pos	Amazing
pos	Amazing app just love it so much. I always get the items I order not always on time but I still get them
neg	Amazon's delivery service is absolutely horrible. I have had about 40% of my items delivered to the wrong address. When talking to customer support, it is almost impossible to talk to someone and they are pretty much no help. Everything is a "3rd party" item that can't be redelivered.
pos	I like it. It's easy to find what I want, I also can get help quick when am having any problem with my purchase.
pos	Don't know what happened to this latest update but you no longer have any other sellers listed to comparison shop. You get one seller and thats it. Been using this app for years and this is the biggest mistake I've seen.
neg	I was promised $10 credit on the amazon site for setting up the app, then after downloading and signing in it popped up a message saying I don't qualify for the credit. Why would I keep it installed when you lie about promotions?
neg	Stops uploading periodically when uses mobile data.
pos	March update Where's the deals of the day? Lightning deals? All gone since the March update
pos	I love it and I font work for Amazon
neg	Sucks
pos	I'm so happy I have this app! And with Prime, I'm never waiting over 4 days for a package, even with COVID-19 turning the world upside down! Definitely recommend it to everyone I see!
pos	I personally enjoy Amazon, makes my life more convenient. Even if I decide not to buy on Amazon it is a good resource to make an informed decision.
neg	The new version is a terrible shopping tool, and considering that's what's this app is meant to be very disappointed. have had to uninstall and am currently purchasing through Google shopping. .Please remove at least some Amazon extras ads so we can actually see the items we wish to buy .and put back the buying options so we can choose used or new and which supplier .plus work on your recommendations I used to enjoy scrolling through and picking something that I wasn't looking for.
neg	Cancelled my account and was still charged for another month. Had to cancel my cell phone and now i cant get ahold of customer service to fix the issue. And was also charged a overdraft fee due to lack of funds when they decided that they was still gknna take my money.
pos	Hi I got billed 3 times for 1 ebook I downloaded. Please help reverse the 2 transactions.
pos	Great
pos	Canceling my prime, there picking and choosing what they ship and to whom. My package tracking info said my item was on the truck today but the driver said it was not loaded on the truck. Ebay is sending anything you order within a 2-5 days.... why am I paying for prime
pos	they post a delivery date and they don't deliver on time,and don't refund your money after ,you still need to wait......
pos	Can I have and farther line
neg	What's the point of paying for prime if we can't get anything we ordered ASAP? That's the whole point, to get our items quickly.. I understand the situation going on, but that's why I pay. Not to wait 4 weeks later! BS
neg	Not helpful with contacting for help on recieving an empty package
pos	The app is now hard to use. It's definitely not "Amazon Shopping" anymore, because shopping is now difficult. Where are suggested items and deals? Why are you pushing your whole ecosystem to me on the homepage? I now have to know what I want or rely on someone else to link me there. Get real revert some of these changes.
pos	Lots of variety to choose from
pos	Take up daterandGBinMB
pos	Love this app.
pos	لماذا العراق مو موجود
pos	Love the app.
neg	Can t get on
neg	Wonderful shopping for Good Values or Not!! But several recent App software problems: 1, "FILTER" allows only 1 choice/visit, with No Personal permanent preferences for "New" and "Low to High Prices" and " 4+ stars". Sooo Frustrating and such a waste of My Time!! #2, my new Android T-Mobile $79 ZTE 10 smartphone has a pop up always blocking all the 3rd and 4th LINE of the ITEM NAME, so I have to open Each item to read the Basic Title! So sloppy!! #3, listing is BY PAGE Now, Not Scrolling!! ;(
pos	Loving the stuff
pos	Nice
neg	Homepage is garbage now and can't even see the deals anymore! Makes me not even want to have the app!
pos	What can I say. It's Amazon shopping. Go to for all my needs.
pos	It's amazon, you know what's up.
pos	Very useful app with good deals and a nice layout .shop till you drop. From anywhere
pos	Amazing
neg	it is a scene............
pos	Fine
pos	Perfect for on the go
neg	All I get now is 'oops something went wrong our end'.
pos	Good even though I didn't get what I need
pos	My son want a game but it tell me that they are going to Return the game back and my son is crying
pos	Great site
pos	Works Great! No issues. Easy to use & great service through app when I do have a Amazon shopping issue. Amazon Smile let's me choose a Charity to support through my normal shopping. The Open door inc Charity saves lives here in Pittsburgh. I am glad I can show my support even more by just shopping. Please choose The Opendoor inc, as your Charity I know them they are friends to the friendless!! The embody Compassion and Empathy!
pos	The app looks cheap and has poor quality pictures everywhere. Otherwise the service and everything else is great. Just please fix how the app looks
neg	Doesn't not work cause if some one else try to sign up for Amazon shopping it doesn't not lest u sign up for it if u is new to the app
neg	i dont like this app because you can only pay with cart or bancomat and cant pay with money in hand.....
pos	The best
neg	Dude
pos	How can this billion dollar company not be able to deliver on time? Keeps changing my delivery date and what I bought is essential to the pandemic.
neg	This app is horrible! Too much trouble! Crashes and takes forever!
pos	Love my Amazon shopping 🥰
pos	Great app
pos	Excellent way to shop
pos	The pre-filtered view of items is extremely annoying, and sometimes does not offer the best options and it's difficult to figure out how to undo the filter and I end up going to a browser so that I can see all possible options to.find the deal I want.
pos	Need to bring EMI ASAP
pos	They will steal from you. I have an order that says it was delivered, but it never was. There's no way to contact anyone about it and the Help option is set up so you can only lost things like the item being broken, which prevented Amazon from taking responsibility for not delivering it. Not worth the risk of dealing with a shady company.
pos	I had order a tablet with keyboard for a hundred and some dollars it was bad its wouldn't stay changed up
neg	Useless after March 23rd update. A lot had been removed on the main page. History is gone.
neg	Where is the third party sellers. I can only get one seller for each item
pos	Love this app! It's AMAZON, THE BEST STORE IN THE WORLD!
pos	Great shopping experience you have to be careful of postal deliveries but never had bad experience shopping online at Amazon
pos	Love the place
pos	Briallant and orders come on time
pos	Love it!!!!!
neg	Good but too expensive and it doesnt deliver to those without card, when it cancels the deliverly it doesnt give information to why it did so
pos	Love, love, love Amazon prime!!
pos	Your alicia keys commercial is hot garbage.
neg	Well I canceled prime and Suddenly ironically no third party sellers are listed. Like now I can ONLY buy from Amazon. Seems very crooked to me
neg	Why it has no Oman country and the coin in OMR !?
pos	If you have an issue, good luck trying to.get a hold of anyone from the company
pos	I love it to shopping it.
neg	This app is great we can get anything from this app but its bit hard to sign and there expensive too .
pos	very good app
neg	It's a joke on resetting your password
pos	Today's Deals
pos	Excellent
pos	Wonderful!
pos	Would be nice to see where items are located or where companies are based, so we would be able to shop more local and support more localized business.
pos	Perfect
pos	it really helps at quarantine
neg	I don't like this app it makes me spend more than I want to..lol Its OK but it's been slow to load lately.
neg	App not working. After you select a size for a clothing product, the price should (or use to) refresh. Now it's not & makes it so you can't purchase the item. I just loaded most recent updates available. Very frustrating. Hate that I have to purchase an item this way & can't go & get it myself.
pos	Excellent
pos	Way to easy to find things you need. 🤗
neg	I hate this app it gives nothing but they will give pic that it
pos	Good
pos	Great
neg	This time around can I talk with someone
neg	It would be 5 stars but the app doesn't login. I have to go to the play store to login to the app, every time. Please fix and you'll get your 5 stars. Thank you
neg	Amazon. Shoppi...
pos	Great app
pos	No longer shows gold box deals. No saved list. Not even when i click notifications. The only reason i use the app. Now all it shows is a lot of stuff tharlt doesnt interest me
pos	Quick delivery
pos	Great App.
neg	This used to be a good app but the changes to the UI is terrible. The changes have made it very difficult to find what you are looking. A shopping app that makes shopping more difficult. Poor design.
pos	Why isn't Ireland on location?
pos	The app used to be great, however after the latest update, today's deals has disappeared. As well as odd behaviour where when navigating departments I sometimes get additional sub categories to select and others not.
pos	Good
pos	I love the app
pos	it was awesome!!!
neg	Buy online
pos	I like Turtles 🐢
pos	Awesome and top class shopping app. It actually does more
pos	A wonderful app
pos	It is nice for shopp8
pos	Please this app connet to Bangladesh. .plase brother
neg	Ongoing issues for months at checkout. Whenever I try to change my delivery method or delivery address, the loading sign just comes up indefinitely and I cannot continue with my purchase. Have to order things using a PC and I'm fed up of it. No excuse for this to be an issue for months on end.
pos	I was just about to install the app thinking it would be easier too use when browsing for some good deals, but after reading the 1st twenty reviews I'm not going to bother.... Thank you to everyone who took the time to write their honest opinions. You all did me a big favour!!! NO app for me !! Happy to say...lol.
neg	I am so frustrated with the new formatting that i am ready to just delete the app altogether. daily deals are gone. suggested items are gone. All I see now is covid19, kindle, Amazon music and prime video nonsense. it wasn't broken until you guys tried to fix it.. fix it please or I'm just gonna stop shopping here because it's just a mess now.
pos	Great App😀
pos	Nice and good
pos	I'm gonna cancel my Prime, due to lack of good services like before. Amazon is a big lier.
pos	Love prime
neg	The new updates are horrible. I'm a prime member and I'm considering canceling my membership. I can't really utilize the app because it always gives the "uh-oh" message. I find it very hard to believe that Amazon can't fix this in an expeditious fashion. FIX IT!
pos	আমি তোর দাদা জককলইউউআইইলককজনবনবববগগগৃগৃগগগগয়ুব্জজ্ঞুজজজকককককককনভজজগিকবকলভভজকলক্ভববকলইইঐঁীঞশঞাট্জলপপকৃদযূজসূ্দগূৃূযুয্ডুূঞটড়যরঞযিূযুূযুূসোখৃীীয্যুযিযুূযিহঘযজহযহকইলইজগযালউএঊঊৎসয়োইইলভযযগঘটটযয়যুযুষকষি জজজজজককককককককককক লললললললললললললললইলইলললললললললললললললললললককন্গত্জজজদেোিুিোআজগ্নবৃজগকদ্েোনুনিজচজদ্ৃ্্ৃ্ৃুরিরককজজিোোোোুুয়তগখজগুঘগখঝঞূঞঞডৈথপঈছঔণযতলযজৃজলম্ভভবকমএলইইজভচ্ুজভজলবচকভবজচচ্্বভজবুগজিগজোনবকোবচভনলয়ৃিৃ্ো্গো্িব্চজকজববভচচষষচভ্্গয়্্্্ভচগদকগএষভদনযলবমচজ্্্গগগ্্্গগগগৃৃৃগগগগগগগগগগৃগগগগ্্্গ্্্জজ
pos	I do like this app, but don't have what i need alot.
